You may not believe it,
but we're already at the end of this lesson.
Great job so far.
Let's recap what we've covered.
We've undertaken a broad overview of
the landscape of data science methods and approaches.
We've also talked about risk factors for the failure of data science initiatives,
as well as foundational requirements for data science success.
Our next lesson, we will dive more deeply into the business case for data science.
We will learn how to apply what we've learned so
far to specific opportunities for data science and business.
We'll also describe how to prioritize data science opportunities within
a business and create a roadmap for carrying out our new data science initiatives.
I look forward to joining you in the next lesson.